Bulbasaur;A strange seed was planted on its back at birth. The plant sprouts and grows with this POKéMON.
Ivysaur;When the bulb on its back grows large, it appears to lose the ability to stand on its hind legs.
Venusaur;The plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.
Charmander;Obviously prefers hot places. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail.
Charmeleon;When it swings its burning tail, it elevates the temperature to unbearably high levels.
Charizard;Spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. Known to cause forest fires unintentionally.
Squirtle;After birth, its back swells and hardens into a shell. Powerfully sprays foam from its mouth.
Wartortle;Often hides in water to stalk unwary prey. For swimming fast, it moves its ears to maintain balance.
Blastoise;A brutal POKéMON with pressurized water jets on its shell. They are used for high speed tackles.
Caterpie;Its short feet are tipped with suction pads that enable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls.
Metapod;This POKéMON is vulnerable to attack while its shell is soft, exposing its weak and tender body.
Butterfree;In battle, it flaps its wings at high speed to release highly toxic dust into the air.
Weedle;Often found in forests, eating leaves. It has a sharp venomous stinger on its head.
Kakuna;Almost incapable of moving, this POKéMON can only harden its shell to protect itself from predators.
Beedrill;Flies at high speed and attacks using its large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail.
Pidgey;A common sight in forests and woods. It flaps its wings at ground level to kick up blinding sand.
Pidgeotto;Very protective of its sprawling territorial area, this POKéMON will fiercely peck at any intruder.
Pidgeot;When hunting, it skims the surface of water at high speed to pick off unwary prey such as MAGIKARP.
Rattata;Bites anything when it attacks. Small and very quick, it is a common sight in many places.
Raticate;It uses its whiskers to maintain its balance. It apparently slows down if they are cut off.
Spearow;Eats bugs in grassy areas. It has to flap its short wings at high speed to stay airborne.
Fearow;With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest.
Ekans;Moves silently and stealthily. Eats the eggs of birds, such as PIDGEY and SPEAROW, whole.
Arbok;It is rumored that the ferocious warning markings on its belly differ from area to area.
Pikachu;When several of these POKéMON gather, their electricity could build and cause lightning storms.
Raichu;Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high voltage power.
Sandshrew;Burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. It only emerges to hunt for food.
Sandslash;Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. It can roll while curled up to attack or escape.
Nidoran F;Although small, its venomous barbs render this POKéMON dangerous. The female has smaller horns.
Nidorina;The female's horn develops slowly. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting.
Nidoqueen;Its hard scales provide strong protection. It uses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves.
Nidoran M;Stiffens its ears to sense danger. The larger its horns, the more powerful its secreted venom.
Nidorino;An aggressive POKéMON that is quick to attack. The horn on its head secretes a powerful venom.
Nidoking;It uses its powerful tail in battle to smash, constrict, then break the prey's bones.
Clefairy;Its magical and cute appeal has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas.
Clefable;A timid fairy POKéMON that is rarely seen. It will run and hide the moment it senses people.
Vulpix;At the time of birth, it has just one tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older.
Ninetales;Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1000-year curse.
Jigglypuff;When its huge eyes light up, it sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep.
Wigglytuff;The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, it will suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size.
Zubat;Forms colonies in perpetually dark places. Uses ultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets.
Golbat;Once it strikes, it will not stop draining energy from the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly.
Oddish;During the day, it keeps its face buried in the ground. At night, it wanders around sowing its seeds.
Gloom;The fluid that oozes from its mouth isn't drool. It is a nectar that is used to attract prey.
Vileplume;The larger its petals, the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up.
Paras;Burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrooms on its back grow by drawing nutrients from the bug host.
Parasect;A host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushroom has taken over the host bug. Prefers damp places.
Venonat;Lives in the shadows of tall trees where it eats insects. It is attracted by light at night.
Venomoth;The dust-like scales covering its wings are color coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has.
Diglett;Lives about one yard underground where it feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears above ground.
Dugtrio;A team of DIGLETT triplets. It triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.
Meowth;Adores circular objects. Wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change.
Persian;Although its fur has many admirers, it is tough to raise as a pet because of its fickle meanness.
Psyduck;While lulling its enemies with its vacant look, this wily POKéMON will use psychokinetic powers.
Golduck;Often seen swimming elegantly by lake shores. It is often mistaken for the Japanese monster, Kappa.
Mankey;Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile one moment then thrashing away the next instant.
Primeape;Always furious and tenacious to boot. It will not abandon chasing its quarry until it is caught.
Growlithe;Very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space.
Arcanine;A POKéMON that has been admired since the past for its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.
Poliwag;Its newly grown legs prevent it from running. It appears to prefer swimming than trying to stand.
Poliwhirl;Capable of living in or out of water. When out of water, it sweats to keep its body slimy.
Poliwrath;An adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breast stroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.
Abra;Using its ability to read minds, it will identify impending danger and TELEPORT to safety.
Kadabra;It emits special alpha waves from its body that induce headaches just by being close by.
Alakazam;Its brain can outperform a supercomputer. Its intelligence quotient is said to be 5,000.
Machop;Loves to build its muscles. It trains in all styles of martial arts to become even stronger.
Machoke;Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power save belt to be able to regulate its motions.
Machamp;Using its heavy muscles, it throws powerful punches that can send the victim clear over the horizon.
Bellsprout;A carnivorous POKéMON that traps and eats bugs. It uses its root feet to soak up needed moisture.
Weepinbell;It spits out POISONPOWDER to immobilize the enemy and then finishes it with a spray of ACID.
Victreebel;Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles, although no one has ever returned from there.
Tentacool;Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook them by accident are often punished by its stinging acid.
Tentacruel;The tentacles are normally kept short. On hunts, they are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey.
Geodude;Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking them for boulders, people often step or trip on them.
Graveler;Rolls down slopes to move. It rolls over any obstacle without slowing or changing its direction.
Golem;Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without damage.
Ponyta;Its hooves are 10 times harder than diamonds. It can trample anything completely flat in little time.
Rapidash;Very competitive, this POKéMON will chase anything that moves fast in the hopes of racing it.
Slowpoke;Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes 5 seconds for it to feel pain when under attack.
Slowbro;The SHELLDER that is latched onto SLOWPOKE's tail is said to feed on the host's left over scraps.
Magnemite;Uses anti-gravity to stay suspended. Appears without warning and uses THUNDER WAVE and similar moves.
Magneton;Formed by several MAGNEMITEs linked together. They frequently appear when sunspots flare up.
Farfetchd;The sprig of green onions it holds is its weapon. It is used much like a metal sword.
Doduo;A bird that makes up for its poor flying with its fast foot speed. Leaves giant footprints.
Dodrio;Uses its three brains to execute complex plans. While two heads sleep, one head stays awake.
Seel;The protruding horn on its head is very hard. It is used for bashing through thick ice.
Dewgong;Stores thermal energy in its body. Swims at a steady 8 knots even in intensely cold waters.
Grimer;Appears in filthy areas. Thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.
Muk;Thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. It is so toxic, even its footprints contain poison.
Shellder;Its hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
Cloyster;When attacked, it launches its horns in quick volleys. Its innards have never been seen.
Gastly;Almost invisible, this gaseous POKéMON cloaks the target and puts it to sleep without notice.
Haunter;Because of its ability to slip through block walls, it is said to be from another dimension.
Gengar;Under a full moon, this POKéMON likes to mimic the shadows of people and laugh at their fright.
Onix;As it grows, the stone portions of its body harden to become similar to a diamond, but colored black.
Drowzee;Puts enemies to sleep then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams.
Hypno;When it locks eyes with an enemy, it will use a mix of PSI moves such as HYPNOSIS and CONFUSION.
Krabby;Its pincers are not only powerful weapons, they are used for balance when walking sideways.
Kingler;The large pincer has 10000 hp of crushing power. However, its huge size makes it unwieldy to use.
Voltorb;Usually found in power plants. Easily mistaken for a POKé BALL, they have zapped many people.
Electrode;It stores electric energy under very high pressure. It often explodes with little or no provocation.
Exeggcute;Often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed, they quickly gather and attack in swarms.
Exeggutor;Legend has it that on rare occasions, one of its heads will drop off and continue on as an EXEGGCUTE.
Cubone;Because it never removes its skull helmet, no one has ever seen this POKéMON's real face.
Marowak;The bone it holds is its key weapon. It throws the bone skillfully like a boomerang to KO targets.
Hitmonlee;When in a hurry, its legs lengthen progressively. It runs smoothly with extra long, loping strides.
Hitmonchan;While apparently doing nothing, it fires punches in lightning fast volleys that are impossible to see.
Lickitung;Its tongue can be extended like a chameleon's. It leaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies.
Koffing;Because it stores several kinds of toxic gases in its body, it is prone to exploding without warning.
Weezing;Where two kinds of poison gases meet, 2 KOFFINGs can fuse into a WEEZING over many years.
Rhyhorn;Its massive bones are 1000 times harder than human bones. It can easily knock a trailer flying.
Rhydon;Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees.
Chansey;A rare and elusive POKéMON that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to get it.
Tangela;The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. Its vines shake as it walks.
Kangaskhan;The infant rarely ventures out of its mother's protective pouch until it is 3 years old.
Horsea;Known to shoot down flying bugs with precision blasts of ink from the surface of the water.
Seadra;Capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail.
Goldeen;Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving it the nickname of the Water Queen.
Seaking;In the autumn spawning season, they can be seen swimming powerfully up rivers and creeks.
Staryu;An enigmatic POKéMON that can effortlessly regenerate any appendage it loses in battle.
Starmie;Its central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem.
Mr Mime;If interrupted while it is miming, it will slap around the offender with its broad hands.
Scyther;With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create the illusion that there is more than one.
Jynx;It seductively wiggles its hips as it walks. It can cause people to dance in unison with it.
Electabuzz;Normally found near power plants, they can wander away and cause major blackouts in cities.
Magmar;Its body always burns with an orange glow that enables it to hide perfectly among flames.
Pinsir;If it fails to crush the victim in its pincers, it will swing it around and toss it hard.
Tauros;When it targets an enemy, it charges furiously while whipping its body with its long tails.
Magikarp;In the distant past, it was somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants that exist today.
Gyarados;Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, it is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage.
Lapras;A POKéMON that has been overhunted almost to extinction. It can ferry people across the water.
Ditto;Capable of copying an enemy's genetic code to instantly transform itself into a duplicate of the enemy.
Eevee;Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element STONEs.
Vaporeon;Lives close to water. Its long tail is ridged with a fin which is often mistaken for a mermaid's.
Jolteon;It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10000- volt lightning bolts.
Flareon;When storing thermal energy in its body, its temperature could soar to over 1600 degrees.
Porygon;A POKéMON that consists entirely of programming code. Capable of moving freely in cyberspace.
Omanyte;Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can be genetically resurrected from fossils.
Omastar;A prehistoric POKéMON that died out when its heavy shell made it impossible to catch prey.
Kabuto;A POKéMON that was resurrected from a fossil found in what was once the ocean floor eons ago.
Kabutops;Its sleek shape is perfect for swimming. It slashes prey with its claws and drains the body fluids.
Aerodactyl;A ferocious, prehistoric POKéMON that goes for the enemy's throat with its serrated saw-like fangs.
Snorlax;Very lazy. Just eats and sleeps. As its rotund bulk builds, it becomes steadily more slothful.
Articuno;A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear to doomed people who are lost in icy mountains.
Zapdos;A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear from clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts.
Moltres;Known as the legendary bird of fire. Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flash of flames.
Dratini;Long considered a mythical POKéMON until recently when a small colony was found living underwater.
Dragonair;A mystical POKéMON that exudes a gentle aura. Has the ability to change climate conditions.
Dragonite;An extremely rarely seen marine POKéMON. Its intelligence is said to match that of humans.
Mewtwo;It was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene splicing and DNA engineering experiments.
Mew;So rare that it is still said to be a mirage by many experts. Only a few people have seen it worldwide.
